Hi.
We did this lecture regrouping to finish our authentication process by implementing remember user and
logout functions.
Right now if I run this from scratch it will ask me one more time to sign in and that's not what we
want.
So in order to take care of that we are going to use what we have been using so far.
Where are you going to come over here to our Tap Bar.
And are we going to give you some storyboards I.D. to our Tap Bar.
OK so this will be tab bar and make sure that you don't have any class over here so this is just a UI
tab by controller.
OK and let's come to our scene delegate why we have the window Rainbow and under this function will
connect to session function.
I'm going to check to see if we have the user or not.
So I'm going to import the file your base.
OK.
And over here we're going to see if the current user is nil.
So I'm going to create the current user from authentication module and I'm going to check to see if
this user is not.
No.
So if current user is not actually nil then it means that I have a user signed into already which I
can use that user right.
So let me create my main Storyboard So this will be a story Bert and this will ask me for a name and
a bumble and name will be main bundle will be name and then I'm going to create my tab bar as a variable
and then I'm going to say bought that instantiate wi controller.
OK so this will ask me for an identifier.
And this is the identifier that I have just given.
So this is tab bar.
So I'm going to first cast this as a you or I tab bar controller.
OK so UI tab bar controller this one.
And if this holds that I'm going to make my route with controller my tab bar.
So if we have a logged in user regarding to use our tab bar as a truth we have controllers so we're
going to take the users to the feed we have controller.
Now let's run this in our simulator and let's see if we can go to wheat feed we have controller directly
because we have already signed in with James.
Right.
So there is no reason to see sign in we have controller right now and here you go.
We are in sight.
Now we had to take care of this logout functionality as well so that we can try our functions.
So let's come over here to log out.
Of course we are going to have to have a Segway from our logout settings controller to signing we have
controller.
So let me do at present mildly Segway.
And then later on I'm going to click on this and go to do is picture or we're here to make a full screen
Segway and I'm going to call this to sign in we see.
So let me copy this because we're going to need help later on.
And let me go over to my settings we have controller over here we are going to have to do it do try
catch because remember de logout function kind of throws an error.
So let's do that.
Let me import the fire base first.
OK.
And then I'm going to say do an open parentheses.
I'm going to try over here and then later on I'm going to catch if there's any error.
So what I'm about to do is to log out from the current user so I'm going to do that with AUTH Of course.
So all thought of that sign out as you can see this chose an error.
So that's why we are doing this.
Do try.
Catch.
After doing that of course I'm going to perform a Segway.
So let me say soft performs Segway and we're going to pass in the value that we have copied.
And here you go.
Now we are ready to test this.
So let's run our simulator and let's go to our settings we have a controller.
Okay so let's go to settings we have controller and log out and over here let me run this from beginning.
And we're going to see if we have any problem.
Here you go.
Now we are in designing we have controller.
Let me sign in with James and we're going to see.
Yep.
Here we are.
Various sites.
And if we run this from beginning if we go to feed we controller as we are now.
Now it means that it's completed.
We are dumb needs our authentication process.
Now we are ready to take care of this upload we have controller so that we can upload some snaps to
the firebase server.
That's what we're going to do within the next lecture.